README.md, before:

# The informiz.org Chaincode
## Chaincode For The informiz.org [Hyperledger Fabric](https://www.ibm.com/blockchain/hyperledger "IBM") Network
This repository contain the smart-contracts and data-types used by informiz.org. It defines transactions for managing 
fact-checkers, sources (e.g "The NASA official website"), hypothesises (factual claims) and texts (textual references).

You can deploy this application on an existing Hyperledger Fabric network. To set up the network please follow the 
[Hyperledger Fabric documentation](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.4/getting_started.html). 
Note that you will need docker and docker-compose, Go, Node.js and npm, and Python 2.7. The documentation provides an 
installation script which will also download the Hyperledger Fabric samples, including convenient tools and scripts 
for starting and stopping the network.

Check in which directory the installation has cloned the `fabric-samples` repository.

### Installing the application
#### Starting the network

Commit message:

Removed auto-downloaded files from repo, updated readme, intermediate

README.md, after:

# The informiz.org Chaincode
## Chaincode For The informiz.org [Hyperledger Fabric](https://www.ibm.com/blockchain/hyperledger "IBM") Network
This repository contain the smart-contracts and data-types used by informiz.org. It defines transactions for managing 
fact-checkers, sources (e.g "The NASA official website"), hypothesises (factual claims) and texts (textual references).

### Setting up Hyperledger Fabric
You can use the IBM documentation to set up HF. 
First install the [prerequisites](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/prereqs.html). Note that you will 
need docker and docker-compose, Go, Node.js and npm, and Python 2.7.
Next you can use the provided script in order to install the necessary binaries and images, as described in the 
[documentation](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html). You do this by executing the 
following command from the project's home directory:

`curl -sSL https://bit.ly/2ysbOFE | bash -s -- -s`

(The trailing `-s` excludes cloning the fabric-samples repository)

### Installing the application
#### Starting the network
